README.md, before:

# _Hopps-PDX_

### _A Zelda-style game about a man named Hopps, who has many misadventures in Portland._
_Feb. 28, 2017_

Link to Github: <https://github.com/cwainner/hopps-pdx>

#### By _Josh Linton, Chris Wainner, Dallas Slaughter, and Clifford Grimmell_

## Description

_Placeholder_

### Specs

| Behavior | Input Example | Output Example |
|----------|:-------------:|:--------------:|
| Placeholder | Placeholder | Placeholder |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

_Download/clone project from Github (git clone https://github.com/cwainner/hopps-pdx)_  
_html files should be in the top folder,_  
_css files should be in the css folder,_  
_javascript files should be located in the js folder,_  
_any images should be in the img folder._  
_Switch to top folder (will be hopps-pdx/)_  
_open index.html from portfolio folder._

## Known Bugs

_None._

## Support and contact details

_Please send any requests to chris.jwainner@gmail.com_

## Technologies used

_HTML_  
_CSS_  
_Boostrap_  
_Javascript_  
_JQuery_  

### License

*This project is licensed under the*  **_MIT License_**

Copyright (c) 2017 **_Josh Linton, Chris Wainner, Dallas Slaughter, Clifford Grimmell_**

Commit message:

Implement game over feature, update README

README.md, after:

# _Hopps' Adventure_

### _A Zelda-style game about a man named Hopps, who has many misadventures in Portland._
_Feb. 28, 2017_

Link to Github: <https://github.com/cwainner/hopps-pdx>

#### By _Josh Linton, Chris Wainner, Dallas Slaughter, and Clifford Grimmell_

## Description

_It was an ordinaory day in Portland for Hopps, until the baristas attacked! Now he must escape the underground and defeat any who get in his way._

### Specs

| Behavior | Input Example | Output Example |
|----------|:-------------:|:--------------:|
| Load title screen | N/A | 'Hopp's Adventure' loads to canvas |
| Load 'Start game' and 'Credits' options | N/A | Menu options are loaded to canvas |
| Start game | player selects 'Start game' | Loads the game |
| Moves character based on input | ['up arrow', 'down arrow', 'left arrow' 'right arrow'] | [sprite move up, sprite moves down, sprite moves left, sprite moves right] |
| character attacks on input | ['space button'] | sprite attacks |
| Loads monsters | N/A | monsters are loaded to the canvas |
| Monsters take damage from player attacks | player attacks | Monster is killed |
| Player takes damage from monsters | player collides with a monster | player character takes damage |
| Player dies if the character's health reaches 0 | health = 0 | Displays Game Over Screen |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

_Download/clone project from Github (git clone https://github.com/cwainner/hopps-pdx)_  
_html files should be in the top folder,_  
_css files should be in the css folder,_  
_javascript files should be located in the js folder,_  
_any images should be in the img folder._  
_Switch to top folder (will be hopps-pdx/)_  
_open index.html from portfolio folder._

## Known Bugs

_None._

## Support and contact details

_Please send any requests to chris.jwainner@gmail.com_

## Technologies used

_HTML_  
_CSS_  
_Boostrap_  
_Javascript_  
_JQuery_  

### License

*This project is licensed under the*  **_MIT License_**

Copyright (c) 2017 **_Josh Linton, Chris Wainner, Dallas Slaughter, Clifford Grimmell_**
